# Project - CS4111 Intro to Databases 

This website is designed to collect music information for registered users. Two mean functions are search and interaction. This project is built on PostgreSQL Database and Python Flask framework.


## SEARCH

On our website, users are able to search our database to gather information about songs, albums, and artists. They are able to search by name for any of these terms as well as generate a list of all songs by a specific artist or in a specific album. 

## INTERACTION

Users are able to create and login to a password-protected account. They are able to like certain songs, as well as view their personal likes (currently, likes are only implemented on one of the search pages). Users are also able to view their past comments, although a comment forum where users can post and view others’ comments has not yet been implemented.


**Web page 1: http://35.231.221.197:8111/albview**

On this webpage, users are able to lookup an album in the database and view all songs related to that album. The search bar allows users to enter the exact name of any album, returning a table including all songs from that album. Additionally, if a user is logged into the website, they are able to click the “Like” button, which creates a new like using the ID of the user and of the specific song. The ID value for this new like is generated by adding one to the previous largest ID value. However, this function prevents a user from liking a song multiple times by first checking whether the current pair of user_id and song_id are already related by a like.

**Web page 1: http://35.231.221.197:8111/home**

This page is designed to be the homepage for registered users and required login to view it. It will display the user’s historical data including likes and comments. Links at the bottom of the page will lead to the music search page or the front page, which will allow users to log in or register.


Although no bootstrap UI is introduced currently. We do designed the interface just for fun.

**Leave a comment!**
